feat(backup): Add correctness snapshot test (#51925)
getsentry/sentry: tests/sentry/backup/README.md

# Backup tests

> This directory tests a number of scenarios where we take an empty database, import a given backup `.json` file, optionally perform some transform, re-export it and validate the diff. The expected result is that only the changes we have made are reflected in the final diff between the original input `.json` that we imported, and the final output `.json` that we exported.

Reviewer: nit: Line-wrap consistently with other paragraphs in the file?

Author: Done.

> ## Comparators

Reviewer: This is something you made up? It doesn't come from `jsondiff` or whatever?

Author: The comparators part is. `jsondiff` is just a naive JSON diffing framework - it takes two JSON blobs, compares them character-for-character, and tries its very best to give you a reasonable set of steps to achieve the diff (which updates, deletions, re-orderings etc you'd need to do on the left side to match the right). But like we talked about previously, there are some parts of a valid export that won't match it's companion import on a byte-wise basis, like `date_updated` timestamps. Using custom comparators ahead of `jsondiff` allows us to smooth over those expected and correct differences.

Reviewer: Okay, can we add some verbiage to that effect? Suggestion in a new comment below ...

Author: Used the language you suggested below verbatim. Marking resolved.

# Backup tests

This directory tests a number of scenarios where we take an empty database, import a given backup
`.json` file, optionally perform some transform, re-export it and validate the diff. The expected
result is that only the changes we have made are reflected in the final diff between the original
input `.json` that we imported, and the final output `.json` that we exported.

## Comparators

> A number of fields in the export JSON format are not so easily compared via the import/export
> method. In such cases, we need to write custom, model-specific comparators that takes into account
> more general validations beyond the simple character-for-character matching that default diffing
> algorithm provides for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of fields in the export JSON format are not so easily compared before
and after running through an import/export cycle. We introduce "comparators" to
account for such cases. Comparators are custom, model-specific ways of
comparing portions of two json files that take into account more general
validations beyond the simple character-for-character matching that the default
diffing algorithm provides for us.
```

Reviewer: > more general validations

More general? Maybe "more nuanced"? 🤔

Author: Done. Used "more nuanced" as suggested.
